k__Bacteria;NA
k__Bacteria;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;NA;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;NA;NA;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;NA;NA;NA;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Bifidobacteriales
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium;s__Bifidobacterium adolescentis
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium;s__Bifidobacterium bifidum
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium;s__Bifidobacterium catenulatum
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium;s__Bifidobacterium kashiwanohense
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium;s__Bifidobacterium longum
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium;s__Bifidobacterium pseudocatenulatum
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Micrococcales
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Micrococcales;f__Cellulomonadaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Micrococcales;f__Cellulomonadaceae;g__Cellulomonas
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Actinobacteria;o__Micrococcales;f__Cellulomonadaceae;g__Cellulomonas;s__Cellulomonas carbonis
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Coriobacteriaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Coriobacteriaceae;g__Collinsella
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Coriobacteriaceae;g__Collinsella;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Coriobacteriaceae;g__Collinsella;s__Collinsella aerofaciens
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Coriobacteriaceae;g__Collinsella;s__Collinsella sp. 4_8_47FAA
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Coriobacteriaceae;g__Collinsella;s__Collinsella sp. TF06-26
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Adlercreutzia
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Adlercreutzia;s__Adlercreutzia equolifaciens
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Eggerthella
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Eggerthella;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Eggerthella;s__Eggerthella lenta
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Gordonibacter
k__Bacteria;p__Actinobacteria;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Gordonibacter;s__Gordonibacter pamelaeae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;NA;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;NA;NA;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides barnesiae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides caccae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides caecimuris
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides cellulosilyticus
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides clarus
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides coprocola
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides coprophilus
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides dorei
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides eggerthii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides faecichinchillae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides faecis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides finegoldii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides fluxus
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides fragilis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides gallinarum
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides intestinalis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides massiliensis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides mediterraneensis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides nordii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides oleiciplenus
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides ovatus
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides plebeius
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides salanitronis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides salyersiae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sartorii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 1_1_30
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 1_1_6
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 2_1_33B
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 2_2_4
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 3_1_13
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 3_1_19
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 3_1_23
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 3_1_33FAA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 3_1_40A
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 4_1_36
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 4_3_47FAA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. 9_1_42FAA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. AR20
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. D2
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. D20
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. D22
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. HMSC067B03
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. HMSC068A09
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. HMSC073E02
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. HPS0048
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. Marseille-P2653
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. Marseille-P3166
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides sp. Marseille-P3208T
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides stercoris
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides uniformis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides vulgatus
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides xylanisolvens
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Mediterranea
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Mediterranea;s__Mediterranea massiliensis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Barnesiellaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Barnesiellaceae;g__Barnesiella
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Barnesiellaceae;g__Barnesiella;s__Barnesiella intestinihominis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Barnesiellaceae;g__Barnesiella;s__Barnesiella viscericola
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Odoribacteraceae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Odoribacteraceae;g__Butyricimonas
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Odoribacteraceae;g__Butyricimonas;s__Butyricimonas virosa
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Odoribacteraceae;g__Odoribacter
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Odoribacteraceae;g__Odoribacter;s__Odoribacter laneus
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Odoribacteraceae;g__Odoribacter;s__Odoribacter splanchnicus
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Paraprevotella
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Paraprevotella;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Paraprevotella;s__Paraprevotella clara
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Paraprevotella;s__Paraprevotella xylaniphila
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__Prevotella bivia
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__Prevotella copri
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__Prevotella ihumii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__Prevotella sp. KHD1
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__Prevotella stercorea
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotellamassilia
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotellamassilia;s__Prevotellamassilia timonensis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes finegoldii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes ihumii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes indistinctus
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes obesi
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes onderdonkii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes putredinis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes senegalensis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes shahii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes sp. AL-1
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes sp. CHKCI003
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes sp. Marseille-P2431
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes timonensis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;s__Parabacteroides distasonis
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;s__Parabacteroides goldsteinii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;s__Parabacteroides johnsonii
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;s__Parabacteroides merdae
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;s__Parabacteroides sp. 20_3
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;s__Parabacteroides sp. D13
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;s__Parabacteroides sp. D26
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;s__Parabacteroides sp. SN4
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Tannerella
k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidetes;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Tannerella;s__Tannerella sp. 6_1_58FAA_CT1
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;NA;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;NA;NA;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Enterococcaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Enterococcaceae;g__Enterococcus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Enterococcaceae;g__Enterococcus;s__Enterococcus faecium
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Lactobacillus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Lactobacillus;s__Lactobacillus rogosae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus thermophilus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__;s__Clostridiales bacterium 1_7_47FAA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__;s__Clostridiales bacterium KLE1615
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__;s__[Bacteroides] pectinophilus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__Flavonifractor
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__Flavonifractor;s__Flavonifractor plautii
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__Intestinimonas
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__Intestinimonas;s__Intestinimonas butyriciproducens
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__Intestinimonas;s__Intestinimonas massiliensis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__Pseudoflavonifractor
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__Pseudoflavonifractor;s__Pseudoflavonifractor capillosus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__;g__Pseudoflavonifractor;s__Pseudoflavonifractor sp. Marseille-P3106
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Butyricicoccus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Butyricicoccus;s__Butyricicoccus pullicaecorum
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Clostridium
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Clostridium;s__Clostridium phoceensis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Clostridium;s__Clostridium sp. ATCC BAA-442
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Clostridium;s__Clostridium sp. L2-50
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Clostridium;s__Clostridium sp. M62/1
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Hungatella
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Hungatella;s__Hungatella hathewayi
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis;g__Emergencia
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis;g__Emergencia;s__Emergencia timonensis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Eubacteriaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Eubacteriaceae;g__Eubacterium
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Eubacteriaceae;g__Eubacterium;s__Eubacterium ramulus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Eubacteriaceae;g__Eubacterium;s__Eubacterium ventriosum
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Eubacteriaceae;g__Eubacterium;s__[Eubacterium] eligens
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Eubacteriaceae;g__Eubacterium;s__[Eubacterium] hallii
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__;s__Lachnospiraceae bacterium 3_1_57FAA_CT1
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__;s__Lachnospiraceae bacterium 7_1_58FAA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__;s__Lachnospiraceae bacterium TF01-11
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__;s__[Eubacterium] rectale
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Anaerostipes
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Anaerostipes;s__Anaerostipes hadrus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia;s__Blautia massiliensis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia;s__Blautia obeum
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia;s__Blautia sp. KLE 1732
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia;s__Blautia sp. Marseille-P3087
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia;s__Blautia sp. SF-50
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia;s__Blautia wexlerae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Butyrivibrio
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Butyrivibrio;s__Butyrivibrio crossotus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Coprococcus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Coprococcus;s__Coprococcus comes
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Coprococcus;s__Coprococcus eutactus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Dorea
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Dorea;s__Dorea formicigenerans
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Dorea;s__Dorea longicatena
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Eisenbergiella
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Eisenbergiella;s__Eisenbergiella tayi
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Fusicatenibacter
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Fusicatenibacter;s__Fusicatenibacter saccharivorans
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoclostridium
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoclostridium;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoclostridium;s__[Clostridium] asparagiforme
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoclostridium;s__[Clostridium] bolteae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoclostridium;s__[Clostridium] clostridioforme
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoclostridium;s__[Clostridium] lavalense
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoclostridium;s__[Clostridium] symbiosum
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Roseburia
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Roseburia;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Roseburia;s__Roseburia faecis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Roseburia;s__Roseburia hominis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Roseburia;s__Roseburia intestinalis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Roseburia;s__Roseburia inulinivorans
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Tyzzerella
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Tyzzerella;s__Tyzzerella nexilis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Tyzzerella;s__[Clostridium] lactatifermentans
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Oscillospiraceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Oscillibacter
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Oscillibacter;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Peptostreptococcaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Peptostreptococcaceae;g__Clostridioides
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Peptostreptococcaceae;g__Clostridioides;s__Clostridioides difficile
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__;s__Ruminococcaceae bacterium D16
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__;s__Ruminococcaceae bacterium cv2
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Anaeromassilibacillus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Anaeromassilibacillus;s__Anaeromassilibacillus sp. Marseille-P3371
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Anaerotruncus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Anaerotruncus;s__Anaerotruncus colihominis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Angelakisella
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Angelakisella;s__Angelakisella massiliensis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Faecalibacterium
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Faecalibacterium;s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Gemmiger
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Gemmiger;s__Gemmiger formicilis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Negativibacillus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Negativibacillus;s__Negativibacillus massiliensis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Neglecta
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Neglecta;s__Neglecta timonensis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Phocea
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Phocea;s__Phocea massiliensis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Provencibacterium
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Provencibacterium;s__Provencibacterium massiliense
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruminiclostridium
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruminiclostridium;s__[Clostridium] leptum
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruminiclostridium;s__[Eubacterium] siraeum
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruminococcus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__Ruminococcus bicirculans
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__Ruminococcus callidus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__Ruminococcus champanellensis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__Ruminococcus faecis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__Ruminococcus lactaris
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__Ruminococcus sp. JC304
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruthenibacterium
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Ruthenibacterium;s__Ruthenibacterium lactatiformans
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Subdoligranulum
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Subdoligranulum;s__Subdoligranulum sp. 4_3_54A2FAA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Clostridia;o__Clostridiales;f__Ruminococcaceae;g__Subdoligranulum;s__Subdoligranulum variabile
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Erysipelotrichia
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__;s__Erysipelotrichaceae bacterium 6_1_45
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Faecalitalea
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Faecalitalea;s__Faecalitalea cylindroides
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Holdemania
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Holdemania;s__Holdemania filiformis
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Holdemania;s__Holdemania sp. Marseille-P2844
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes;o__Acidaminococcales
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes;o__Acidaminococcales;f__Acidaminococcaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes;o__Acidaminococcales;f__Acidaminococcaceae;g__Acidaminococcus
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes;o__Acidaminococcales;f__Acidaminococcaceae;g__Acidaminococcus;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes;o__Acidaminococcales;f__Acidaminococcaceae;g__Phascolarctobacterium
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes;o__Acidaminococcales;f__Acidaminococcaceae;g__Phascolarctobacterium;s__Phascolarctobacterium succinatutens
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Dialister
k__Bacteria;p__Firmicutes;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Dialister;s__Dialister invisus
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;NA;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__;g__;s__Burkholderiales bacterium 1_1_47
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Dakarella
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Dakarella;s__Dakarella massiliensis
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Parasutterella
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Parasutterella;s__Parasutterella excrementihominis
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Sutterella
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Sutterella;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Sutterella;s__Sutterella sp. KLE1602
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Sutterella;s__Sutterella wadsworthensis
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Deltaproteobacteria
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__Desulfovibrionales
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae;g__Bilophila
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae;g__Bilophila;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae;g__Bilophila;s__Bilophila sp. 4_1_30
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae;g__Bilophila;s__Bilophila wadsworthia
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae;g__Desulfovibrio
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae;g__Desulfovibrio;s__Desulfovibrio piger
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Epsilonproteobacteria
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Campylobacteraceae
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Campylobacteraceae;g__Campylobacter
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Campylobacteraceae;g__Campylobacter;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;NA;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Escherichia
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Escherichia;s__Escherichia coli
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Haemophilus
k__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Haemophilus;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobia
k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobia;c__Verrucomicrobiae
k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobia;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales
k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobia;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Akkermansiaceae
k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobia;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Akkermansiaceae;g__Akkermansia
k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobia;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Akkermansiaceae;g__Akkermansia;NA
k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobia;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Akkermansiaceae;g__Akkermansia;s__Akkermansia muciniphila
